Update advanced-hunting-devicenetworkevents-table.md (#11724)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender/advanced-hunting-devicenetworkevents-table.md

| `RemoteIP` | `string` | IP address that was being connected to |
| `RemotePort` | `int` | TCP port on the remote device that was being connected to |
| `RemoteUrl` | `string` | URL or fully qualified domain name (FQDN) that was being connected to |

> | `LocalIP` | `string` | Source IP address from which communication is attempted |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `LocalIP` | `string` | Source IP, or the IP address where the communication came from |
```

> | `LocalIP` | `string` | Source IP address which is attempting to communicate from |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `LocalIP` | `string` | Source IP address from which communication is attempted |
```
